Improve docs readability and adjust incorrect information for switchbot integration (#39701)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/switchbot.markdown

- calibration state
- get battery level

Options:

> - Force Nightlatch operation mode, navigate to Settings > Devices & services > Configured > SwitchBot Bluetooth and tap CONFIGURE under Integration entries

Reviewer: what do you mean by "Force nightlatch operation mode"? Does it mean "To enable nightlatch operation mode"?
What is Nightlatch operation mode?

Author: > what do you mean by "Force nightlatch operation mode"? Does it mean "To enable nightlatch operation mode"? What is Nightlatch operation mode?

You are right, i have changed the description

> - To enable nightlatch operation mode, navigate to Settings > Devices & services > Configured > SwitchBot Bluetooth and tap CONFIGURE under Integration entries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To enable nightlatch operation mode, go to {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %}.
2. Under **Integration entries**, find the lock and select **Configure**.
3. In the **Options** dialog, configure the nightlatch operation mode.
```

- calibration state
- get battery level

Options:

> - To enable nightlatch operation mode, navigate to Settings > Devices & services > Configured > SwitchBot Bluetooth and tap CONFIGURE under Integration entries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To enable nightlatch operation mode, go to {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %}.
2. Under **Integration entries**, find the lock and select **Configure**.
3. In the **Options** dialog, configure the nightlatch operation mode.
```

- calibration state
- get battery level

Options:

> - To enable nightlatch operation mode, navigate to Settings > Devices & services > Configured > SwitchBot Bluetooth and tap CONFIGURE under Integration entries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To enable nightlatch operation mode, go to {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %}.
2. Under **Integration entries**, find the lock and select **Configure**.
3. In the **Options** dialog, configure the nightlatch operation mode.
```

Device names configured in the SwitchBot app are not transferred into Home Assistant.

### Battery level

Due to firmware limitations, early models such as **Lock** and **Lock Lite** report the battery level in coarse ranges rather than an exact value:

- < 10 %  → 10  
- 10 % – 20 % → 20  
- 20 % – 60 % → 60  
- ≥ 60 % → 100

Refer to the latest version of the [OpenAPI doc](https://github.com/OpenWonderLabs/SwitchBotAPI) for precise definitions.

### Lock state

The integration currently only uses the primary lock state; in dual lock mode, not all things might work properly.

> ### Vacuum state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Vacuum state

```
